Security Metrics 1 Quiz

UNIT 4: Question 1
Which of these statements is true:
Security is a solution you can purchase
*Security is a process
Security is an end product

UNIT 4: Question 2
What is the shortcoming of ALE formula: ALE=SLE*AOR?
*It is hard to model outliers
It is not sensitive to small changes in assumptions
It does not capture the asset value.

UNIT 4: Question 3
What are main challenges faced by Security Metrics Programs? (Select three)
Conventional Risk Matrix approach is not sufficient.
*Lack of common definitions for terms and metrics
*Legal concerns and incentive failures
Quantitative methods are better than qualitative ones.
*Unwillingness to share security information

UNIT 4: Question 4
Security metrics seek to measure: (Select three)
*Effectiveness of the security operations
Overall IT operation costs
*Return on Security Investment (ROSI)
*To understand the risk environment
User compliance

UNIT 4: Question 5
Which statements are true? (Select two)
*Security Measurement is a bottom-up approach.
Security Modeling approach is purely driven by observations and empirical data.
*Security Modeling is a top-down approach.

UNIT 4: Question 6
Metrics with high frequency measurement but relative low importance, such as anti-malware data, network operations, are usually used for which type of decision-making?
Crisis Management
*Operations Management
Program Planning
Strategic Planning

UNIT 4: Question 7
True or False: The qualitative labels or scores like “high”, “medium”, “low” are not considered “Good Metrics”.
*True
False

UNIT 4: Question 8
True or False: In the McKinsey style of diagnostics, the overall hypothesis will be proven to be true if all its sub-hypothesis are held true.
*True
False

UNIT 4: Question 9
In the McKinsey style of diagnostics, the overall hypothesis can be decomposed into a number of sub-hypotheses, each of which can be supported or disproven by:
*Asking specific questions that can be measured precisely and empirically
Consulting end-users’ opinions
Key decision makers in the company

UNIT 4: Question 10
“Mean time to recover” (MTTR) is an example of what type of metric?
Application risks
*Availability and reliability
Coverage and control
Perimeter defenses

UNIT 4: Question 11
Which of these metrics is a measurement of the “effectiveness of spam filtering software”?
Number of email messages received per day
*Number of spam messaged not-detected/missed
Number of spam messages detected/filtered

UNIT 4: Question 12
Which of these metrics belongs to the Coverage and Control category?
Mean time between failures
Mean time to recovery (MTTR)
*Number of patches applied outside of maintenance windows