Security Metrics 2 Quiz

UNIT 5: Question 1
What are three ways to measure Application Security? (Select three)
*Black-box defect metrics
*Code security metrics
Mean time to recovery
Number of firewall rule changes per business unit
*Qualitative process metrics and indices

UNIT 5: Question 2
Which tool can be used for black-box defect metrics?
Spam filter software
*Penetration testing tools
Backup software

UNIT 5: Question 3
True or false: Business-Adjusted Risk (BAR) is a quantitative approach to measure Application Security.
True
*False

UNIT 5: Question 4
What are the three primary areas of the Application Insecurity Index (AII)? (Select three)
*Assessed Risk
*Business importance
Code reviews
Penetration Testing
*Technology outlier

UNIT 5: Question 5
Which of these is not a metric for Code Security?
*Application Insecurity Index
Security defects per KLOC
Vulnerability density (vulnerability per unit of code)

UNIT 5: Question 6
Which standards organization defines Security Program Metrics into four domains?
*COBIT
ISO
NIST

UNIT 5: Question 7
Which Program Metrics category includes metrics for “Install and accredit solutions”?
Planning and organization
*Acquisition and implementation
Delivery and support
Monitoring

UNIT 5: Question 8
Which Program Metrics category includes the processes for defining strategic security plans, scoping overall program budgets, and levels of investment?
*Planning and organization
Acquisition and implementation
Delivery and support
Monitoring

UNIT 5: Question 9
Which Program Metrics category includes metrics such as “percent of back up media stored with third party” for managing data?
Planning and organization
Acquisition and implementation
*Delivery and support
Monitoring

UNIT 5: Question 10
Which Program Metrics category includes Regulatory compliance metrics?
Planning and organization
Acquisition and implementation
Delivery and support
*Monitoring

UNIT 5: Question 11
Which Program Metrics category includes metrics for “educate and train users”?
Planning and organization
Acquisition and implementation
*Delivery and support
Monitoring