Unit 5 Quiz

Unit 5: Question 1
EnCase’s FastBloc SE is a ______ that prevents any modifications to evidence drives.
hardware blocker
forensic imaging software
*software blocker

Unit 5: Question 2
Which of the following statement is NOT true about EnCase images?
An EnCase image includes both MD5 and SHA1 hash values of the data source.
An EnCase image includes the Cyclic Redundancy Check (CRC) checksums for every 64 sectors of data for error detection.
EnCase images use extensions of ".E01", ".Ex01", ".Lx01".
*An EnCase image is exactly the same as a raw dd image.

Unit 5: Question 3
Which of these devices or media can not be acquired using FTK imager without changing data on the devices? (Select all that apply)
Hard drives combined with write blockers
*Hard drives without write blockers
*USB device without write protections
Write protected flash media

Unit 5: Question 4
Which of these tools are host-based Windows memory (RAM) acquisition tools? (Select two)
volatility framework
*FTK Imager from Access Data
fmem
*winen.exe from Guidance Software

Unit 5: Question 5
If a rootkit is installed on a Windows system to hide a malicious process by unlinking this process from the EPROCESS list, which of the following Volatility Framework plugin is still able to list/display this hidden process, given the Windows system’s memory image?
pslist
dlllist
psscan
dllscan

Unit 5: Question 5
If a rootkit is installed on a Windows system to hide a malicious process by unlinking this process from the EPROCESS list, which of the following Volatility Framework plugin is still able to list/display this hidden process, given the Windows system’s memory image?
pslist
dlllist
*psscan
dllscan

Unit 5: Question 6
To recover GIF files from a Windows pagefile (Note: a page file is a file on a hard drive that is used as a temporary location to store information not being used by the computer RAM at the moment), an investigator can use:
*a data carving tool to extract GIF files from the pagefile.
the utility strings to dump out GIF files from the pagefile.
It is impossible to recover GIF files from a pagefile since there is no filesystem structure in pagefile.

Unit 5: Question 7
True or False: Helix3 operates in two different modes, one is in a windows live mode and another is in a bootable environment. When using Helix3's bootable CD in a bootable environment, Helix3 only mounts the hard drives in read-only mode.
*True
False

Unit 5: Question 8
Which of the following tools are memory forensic analysis tools for analyzing memory images/dumps? (Select two)
*Rekall Memory Forensics Framework
LiME
MemoryDD
*Volatility Framework

Unit 5: Question 9
Which of these commands and tools will display Windows system information? (Select two) Hint: Check lecture slides: Memory Acquisition
*Helix3 in Windows Live mode
*psinfo (from Windows sysinternals suite)
pslist (from Windows sysinternals suite)
uname

Unit 5: Question 10
How can a cold boot attack be useful in memory forensics?
It can be used to execute a network based attack on the target PC.
*It may be possible to get a memory snapshot after a quick restart when there is no other viable solution.
It is useful to plant a Trojan to the suspected PC.
It is absolutely useless in memory forensics.
unanswered